README.md, before:

## THOUTHA: Connecting Patients and Students in Egypt

[![License: GNU](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GNU-red.svg)](LICENSE)


<img width="500" height="500" alt="IMG_5729" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c6223af8-7ac1-4ef5-ad9e-ede11c9c3412" />

## Project Overview

**Thoutha** is an application designed to bridge the gap between dental students and patients in Egypt. This platform aims to facilitate a crucial part of dental education by providing students with a structured way to find and manage patient cases that align with their graduation project requirements.

The application allows patients to describe their symptoms and dental needs, which students can then review. Based on the case description, a student can determine if a patient's case is suitable for their specific project needs, initiating a communication channel to coordinate care.

**Note:** This project is currently in its initial development phase for now.

## Features (Planned)

* **Patient Case Submission:** Patients can easily describe their dental issues, including symptoms and a brief history.
* **Student Case Review:** Students can browse a list of submitted cases and filter them based on criteria relevant to their studies.
* **Secure Communication:** A private messaging system to allow students and patients to communicate securely.
* **Case Management:** Students can accept, reject, or archive cases.
* **User Profiles:** Separate profiles for students and patients with relevant information.

## Getting Started

1.  **Clone the repository:** `git clone https://github.com/Joseph-George1/Teeth-Management-System/`




## Contributors

Thanks to all of the contributors who helped bring these projects to life:

| Contributor | GitHub Profile |
|-------------|----------------|
| ![Menna Ahmed](https://github.com/Mennaahmed08.png?size=100) | [@Mennaahmed08](https://github.com/Mennaahmed08) - Menna Ahmed |
| ![Joseph George](https://github.com/Joseph-George1.png?size=100) | [@Joseph-George1](https://github.com/Joseph-George1) - Joseph George |
| ![Zyad Gamal](https://github.com/zyadgamal77.png?size=100) | [@zyadgamal77](https://github.com/zyadgamal77) - Zyad Gamal |
| ![Zeyad Saad](https://github.com/temanhattan.png?size=100) | [@temanhattan](https://github.com/temanhattan) - Zeyad Saad |
| ![Abdelhalem Ramadan](https://github.com/Haleez007.png?size=100) | [@Haleez007](https://github.com/Haleez007) - Abdelhalem Ramadan |
| ![Muhammad El Kateb](https://github.com/MuhammamdElKateb.png?size=100) | [@MuhammamdElKateb](https://github.com/MuhammamdElKateb) - Muhammad El Kateb |

Commit message:

Add section for top languages used in the project

README.md, after:

## THOUTHA: Connecting Patients and Students in Egypt

[![License: GNU](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GNU-red.svg)](LICENSE)


<img width="500" height="500" alt="IMG_5729" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c6223af8-7ac1-4ef5-ad9e-ede11c9c3412" />

## Project Overview

**Thoutha** is an application designed to bridge the gap between dental students and patients in Egypt. This platform aims to facilitate a crucial part of dental education by providing students with a structured way to find and manage patient cases that align with their graduation project requirements.

The application allows patients to describe their symptoms and dental needs, which students can then review. Based on the case description, a student can determine if a patient's case is suitable for their specific project needs, initiating a communication channel to coordinate care.

**Note:** This project is currently in its initial development phase for now.

## Features (Planned)

* **Patient Case Submission:** Patients can easily describe their dental issues, including symptoms and a brief history.
* **Student Case Review:** Students can browse a list of submitted cases and filter them based on criteria relevant to their studies.
* **Secure Communication:** A private messaging system to allow students and patients to communicate securely.
* **Case Management:** Students can accept, reject, or archive cases.
* **User Profiles:** Separate profiles for students and patients with relevant information.

## Getting Started

1.  **Clone the repository:** `git clone https://github.com/Joseph-George1/Teeth-Management-System/`

## Languages used
![Top Languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=joseph-george1&repo=Teeth-Management-System&layout=compact)

Top languages in this repository.


## Contributors

Thanks to all of the contributors who helped bring these projects to life:

| Contributor | GitHub Profile |
|-------------|----------------|
| ![Menna Ahmed](https://github.com/Mennaahmed08.png?size=100) | [@Mennaahmed08](https://github.com/Mennaahmed08) - Menna Ahmed |
| ![Joseph George](https://github.com/Joseph-George1.png?size=100) | [@Joseph-George1](https://github.com/Joseph-George1) - Joseph George |
| ![Zyad Gamal](https://github.com/zyadgamal77.png?size=100) | [@zyadgamal77](https://github.com/zyadgamal77) - Zyad Gamal |
| ![Zeyad Saad](https://github.com/temanhattan.png?size=100) | [@temanhattan](https://github.com/temanhattan) - Zeyad Saad |
| ![Abdelhalem Ramadan](https://github.com/Haleez007.png?size=100) | [@Haleez007](https://github.com/Haleez007) - Abdelhalem Ramadan |
| ![Muhammad El Kateb](https://github.com/MuhammamdElKateb.png?size=100) | [@MuhammamdElKateb](https://github.com/MuhammamdElKateb) - Muhammad El Kateb |
